Correct Fleet Server `checkin_long_poll` and `checkin_timestamp` config descriptions (#7451)
elastic/docs-content: reference/fleet/fleet-server-scalability.md

The following advanced settings are available to fine tune your {{fleet-server}} deployment.

::::{note}

> Agent offline detection isn't configurable through these settings. An agent is marked offline after it stops checking in with {{fleet-server}} for 5 minutes. This threshold is fixed and can't be changed.

Author: ```suggestion
You cannot configure agent offline detection through these settings. An agent is marked offline after it stops checking in with {{fleet-server}} for 5 minutes. This threshold is fixed and can't be changed.
```

`server.timeouts`
:   `checkin_timestamp`

> :   How often {{fleet-server}} updates the **Last activity** field for each agent. Defaults to `30s`. In a large-scale deployment, increasing this setting might improve performance. It only controls how frequently the field is written and doesn't determine when an agent is marked offline in {{fleet}}.

Reviewer: **Last activity** is what Kibana uses to determine offline status, and `checkin_timestamp` controls how often it is refreshed during a long poll. Setting it above the default `checkin_long_poll` (5m) can cause agents to appear offline, so the added sentence is misleading.

```suggestion
:   How often {{fleet-server}} updates the **Last activity** field for each agent. Defaults to `30s`. In a large-scale deployment, increasing this setting might improve performance. To avoid agents appearing offline in {{fleet}}, keep this value well below 5 minutes.
```

Author: Thanks, @ycombinator, I’ve applied your suggestion.
